# ClaimChunk 0.0.23-RC1

This update is 1<sup>1</sup>/<sub>2</sub> years in the making! There are a ton of changes that have a potential to
collide with previous settings for your servers!

Please make sure to back up your old configs and *don't delete your old ClaimChunk jar file; renaming it will be good
after obtaining this **release candidate**(RC). In fact, I recommend renaming your config as well, allowing the new
version to generate a new one with the correct options (otherwise, you will receive console spam when starting your server).

A release candidate is basically like a snapshot for Minecraft, meaning things are likely to change and bugs are
expected! If you run into any unexpected behavior, feel free to
[create an issue](https://github.com/cjburkey01/ClaimChunk/issues) to let me know.

Please note that this version **does not convert your old config values to the new world profile system** (more on that
system in this changelog).

Changes:
* Update java version updated from 8 to 16 to match 1.16/1.17!
* Fix version checker message (finally!).
* Fixed host of annoying console errors.
* World Profiles
  * Most protection settings are per-world now!
  * **Each world has a file located in `SERVER/plugins/ClaimChunk/worlds/` describing who has access in which particular chunks.**
    * This file contains instructions as well as default settings that disable interactions on entities and blocks within claimed chunks (not owned by the interacting player).
    * ClaimChunk can be disabled for each world in its file.
* Commands
  * Many of the multi-word subcommands for `/claimchunk` and `/chunk` have been separated into different words!
    * Thanks to [a new command system by Goldmensch](https://github.com/Goldmensch/SmartCommandDispatcher).
  * The changed commands are:
    * Admin:
      * `/chunk admin override`
      * `/chunk admin reload`
      * `/chunk admin unclaim`
      * `/chunk admin unclaim all <PLAYER> [ALL WORLDS? true/false]`
    * Player:
      * `/chunk unclaim all [ALL WORLDS? true/false]`
  * Added new commands:
    * `/chunk show claimed`
      * Shows nearby claimed chunks
      * Permission: `claimchunk.show-claimed` (default with `claimchunk.player`)
    * `/chunk scan [RADIUS IN CHUNKS]`
      * Counts number of nearby claims owned by other players.
      * Permission: `claimchunk.scan` (default with claimchunk.scan).
* Permissions
  * `claimchunk.base` has been removed (finally, ugh, what was the point?).
* Config
  * Removed much of the `protection` category and inserted into the world profiles.

Changes to happen:
* Switch to [a new message system handler also by Goldmensch](https://github.com/Goldmensch/JALL).
* Per-world disallowed commands.
